Adjust Preferences (#579)
iterate-ch/docs: mountainduck/support.md

::::{tabs}
:::{group-tab} macOS

Log output can be found in the `mountainduck.log` file in`~/Library/Logs/Mountain Duck`. You can easily reach this file in _Console.app_ (Open from `/Applications/Utilities`) under `Reports → Log Reports → mountainduck.log`. 

> Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, there are compressed versions of the latest 5 cycled log files named like `mountainduck-*.log.zip` available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file. In addition to the current log file, compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `mountainduck-*.log.zip` are available.
```

:::
:::{group-tab} Windows

Log output can be found in the `mountainduck.log` file in `%AppData%\cyberduck`. 

> Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file named *mountainduck.log*. In addition to the current log file, there are compressed versions of the latest 5 cycled log files named like `mountainduck-*.log.zip` available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file named *mountainduck.log*. In addition to the current log file, compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `mountainduck-*.log.zip` are available.
```

> Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file named *mountainduck.log*. In addition to the current log file, there are compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `mountainduck-*.log.zip` are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select _Show_ in _Mountain Duck → Preferences → Connection_ to reveal the log file named *mountainduck.log*. In addition to the current log file, compressed versions of the latest five cycled log files named `mountainduck-*.log.zip` are available.
```
